Added tip for local mode error (#5856)
mattermost/docs: source/manage/mmctl-command-line-tool.rst

To use local mode, the Mattermost server first needs to `have local mode enabled <https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/configuration-settings.html#enable-local-mode>`_. When local mode is enabled, a socket is created at ``/var/tmp/mattermost_local.socket`` by default.

.. tip::

>   If you're seeing the error ``socket file "/var/tmp/mattermost_local.socket" doesn't exists, please check the server configuration for local mode``, this error can be resolved by setting ``EnableLocalMode`` to ``true``.

Author: ```suggestion
  When trying to use local mode with mmctl, an error like ``socket file "/var/tmp/mattermost_local.socket" doesn't exists, please check the server configuration for local mode``, can be resolved by setting ``EnableLocalMode`` to ``true``.
```
